Problem 1: Why is there a lot of hype around blockchain ?
Answer: I feel there is a lot of hype around blockchain because they have the power of changing how the software industry is currently
        functioning. Since the data is present on a public ledger and acceptance of a transaction is validated by a large number of
        peers, there is no possibility of a single malicious party tampering with the data. And since the ledger is public , anyone can
        view the changes done to the current state. Blockchains are highly available , so no one has the power of bringing them.

Problem 2: What got you fascinated with blockchain and why?
Answer:  The reason that the blockchain is not controlled by a single entity was the primary reason why i was inclined to blockchain.
         As a beginner software developer , you don't have to be worried much about the scalability of your application , as blockchain
         depending on which is chosen is inherently scalable. Though there is much latency as compared to an application running on a
         centralised entity, you cannot have the best of both worlds, privacy of the data vs latency. Though blockchains are public
         but until i know your address which is hard to guess, you are sure that your data is protected. The latency issue is also not
         a prominent issue now when you have blockchains like EOS with their delegated proof of stake consensus protocol claiming upto
         4000 txs per second. As far as the storage of the data is concerned you can store it on chain which is expensive or you can
         store it in a decentralised cloud like IPFS which ensures that your data is persisted given how may peers have the data available
         in them.

Problem 3: What is the most pressing challenge in blockchain?
Answer:  The most pressing challenge which i feel blockchains are currently suffering is the number of transactions they are able to do per
         second. The main reason behind this problem is there is not a single entity validating the transactions , it is added to the
         immutable chain once sufficient no of peers have validated the transaction. New Consensus protocols like delegated proof of stake
         are aiming to solve this issue but they also by design feel centralised though now it is not just a single entity.

Bonus 4: Thoughts PoW vs. PoS?
Answer:  PoW which stands for Proof Of Work is a consensus protocol which allows the peer who is able to solve a cryptographical puzzle
         first the opportunity to create a block. As we know each block contains transactions so this way of competing where for solving
         puzzle people are utilising their machine's computing power in essence ensures that there is no person controlling the chain.
         The disadvantage of this is that electricity is simply wasted as the computation done is waste.
         PoS aims to solve this where now instead of solving the puzzle , peers invest their stake of crypto in the formation of the block
         and get rewarded if the block is formed while heavily penalised if the block was invalid.

         
